docs(gen): docs content review (#2759)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox/kvm-over-ip/how-to/quantaplex.mdx

  - Your Dedibox server has a [Quanta Computer QuantaPlex](https://www.qct.io) KVM-over-IP device
</Message>

## Creating a KVM Session

1. Navigate to **Server** > **Server List** in your [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net/) to view the list of your dedicated servers.
2. Click the name of the server you wish to access. This will open the server's status page.
3. Click on **KVM OVER IP** on the right-hand menu. A pop-up window will appear.
   <Lightbox src="scaleway_KVM.webp" alt="" />
4. Confirm your acceptance of the terms for KVM access by clicking **I Accept**.

> 5. Provide the authorized IPv4 address for the KVM connection. The form will auto-fill with the IP address of your current internet connection. Proceed by clicking **Create** to generate your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Provide the authorized IPv4 address for the KVM connection. The form will autofill with the IP address of your current internet connection. Proceed by clicking **Create** to generate your credentials.
```
